In this demonstration, we're going to demonstrate creating
a topic with more complete settings as you've seen in previous lessons.
So let's move over to the workspace.
We're going to close out sample1 and we're going to open sample2.
I'm just going to move around my workspace here, resizing windows.
So here we have our project.
This function will check to see whether the topic exists.
Because again, we want to check that a topic exist before we try to create it.
This function will actually create the topic and will take
the actual configuration settings that we want to pass along to the topic.
So the first thing that we're going to do is configure our topic creation function.
We'll come back to this topic exist function in just a moment.
We're going to start by going ahead and create a new topic.
There are some additional settings that we want to put into the topic configuration.
Because there are so many settings for topic creation,
I've actually pulled up the documentation.
As I mentioned in one of the previous exercises,
I certainly don't have all these configuration options memorized by heart.
I always have the documentation phases libraries
available so that I can reference them when I need to answer these questions.
So let's start by going ahead and taking a look at
the two places we can look for configuration options.
The first place is the official Apache Kafka documentation.
You can see here we have topic configuration configure documentation.
There're are a number of options that we can consider.
The first thing we're going to set though is clean up policy.
So we want to use a cleanup policy,
in this case, a deletion.
So let's go back and set that.
So we're going to expand this config and insert cleanup.policy to delete.
Delete that extra quote there.
Next thing I'm going to do is set a compression type.
Say compression.type and we'll use lz4.
Again, if you're not sure what types of compression are available for the topic,
you can go back here, find
compression.type and you can see that there's some documentation here.
Again, gzip, snappy, lz4, and zstd.
Next, we're going to give it a delete retention milliseconds.
So this is how long logs will be deleted after they'd marked for deletion.
So you can see more about this,
but essentially after this is been,
a top data's been marked for deletion,
how long it will wait to actually get rid of that data.
By default, it's set to zero.
It doesn't really matter what we set it to.
We can set it to 100 milliseconds for now.
I apologize, I actually meant to set this to compaction, not delete.
So we're going to use a compacted topic not a normal deleted topic.
Finally, we're going to put a file delete delay milliseconds here.
So file.delete.delay.ms.
I believe that's the right setting, let's just double-check.
Yep. File delete delay milliseconds.
This is how long we're going to wait before we let
Kafka actually remove the file from the file system.
Again, I believe the default is set to 60 seconds.
We can change it to something else.
Say we don't want it to wait at all or very,
very short amount of time, set that to 100 milliseconds.
Now, we have this advanced configuration setup.
To be honest with you, I really pulled a lot of these settings out of
just thin air just to show you how many options there are really are.
You can choose to change any of these settings that you want and play around.
Honestly, I recommend that you do to get a feel for how
these settings actually change and modify how Kafka behaves.
Now that we've created our topic,
we're going to go ahead and figure out whether or not our topic already exists.
So we have client.list_topics.
That's going to return to us a list of topic metadata.
Let's take a look at how that is configured.
ClusterMetadata that's returned to us includes
some information such as brokers, the cluster id.
But most importantly to us for this function,
a dictionary of topics,
is a map of topics to the actual topic metadata.
For most, we're just interested if our topic appears.
So if we have topic metadata,
we can say return topic_metadata.topics.
Then we can see if the dictionary contains our topic name.
So we're using a dictionary.get.
If this.get doesn't find this topic name,
it will return none.
So we want to return a Boolean here, not a none.
So we're going to say.get is not None.
If a topic exists and we find in dictionary,
it will not be None.
Therefore, it will return true.
Finally, we need to give our topic a name.
We'll just call this sample2.
I'll go ahead and save, and we'll run our lesson.
So you can see topic sample2 exists is false and we create our topic.